Uh-huh.
Ahhh
You got drunk on me?
Wronged, wronged
You were obviously drunk yourself
I can't persuade
You're still dead, you're still dead, hey, okay, okay, okay.
Don't make trouble, you bully me
Just bully me
Anyway
I'm an orphan no one wants now
Look at you now.
You are the leader of the rebel army
What big boss
It's just a joke.
I don't know if it's a joke or not.
But a little I know
Many brothers are waiting for you outside
Cheer up
I see.
But I just want to be coquettish now
Now I'm very fragile
The Sophie I Know
That's the heroine who broke through the prison without changing her face
How could it be fragile?
When I broke through the prison, I made a big decision
You have to be grateful
Is my big boss
Don't call me that.
Sorry.
Report the visit of the southern army of the big boss
The southern army knows
You don't think
We only have one team, right?
Far more than